SPLAT-1291: platform external documentation (#16)
openshift/infrastructure-provider-onboarding-guide: docs/platform-external/installing.md

#### Create custom manifests for CCM

In that stage, the Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) manifests must be created, as it is responsible to initialize the nodes. A set of tolerations must be set to the pod spec to ensure the controllers are initialized even if the node is not yet ready.

```yaml
      tolerations:
        - key: CriticalAddonsOnly
          operator: Exists
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
          operator: Exists
          effect: "NoSchedule"
        - key: node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/uninitialized
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
        - key: node.kubernetes.io/not-ready
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
```

The manifest below can be used as a Deployment configuration:

```yaml
# This a template that can be used as a base to run your own cluster controller manager in openshift, all you need is to:
# - replace values between {{ and }} with your own ones
# - specify a command to startup the CCM in your container
# - define and mount extra volumes if needed
# This example defines the CCM as a Deployment, but a DaemonSet is also possible as long as Pod's template is defined in the same way.

> kind: Deployment

Author: Hey @adriengentil , thanks for updating the template. I think we need to make sure we want to run the CCM "as root" (`privileged`) when defining those PSA labels for Namespace, or if we can improve those permissions.

@elmiko @rvanderp3  do you know the permissions added to CCM's controllers/workloads when PSA was introduced? (IIRC 4.13+)

> kind: Deployment

Reviewer: @mtulio are you talking about the permissions in here https://github.com/openshift/cluster-cloud-controller-manager-operator/blob/master/manifests/0000_26_cloud-controller-manager-operator_03_rbac_provider.yaml ?

> kind: Deployment

Author: @elmiko No, it is about the labels added in the Namespace manifest ([first comment](https://github.com/openshift/infrastructure-provider-onboarding-guide/pull/16/files#r1242231937) in this thread), also the [Google Docs thread](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F5n7BSVoHMokKuTX4hDXS3ZRUb35scxiuNYcdTrkUTU/edit?disco=AAAAzsIgPPQ) about encouraging using a dedicated namespace (out of kube-* or openshift-*).

In our tests (namespace labels above) we are enforcing running the CCM as `privileged`. My big question is: should we invest to refine those rules, or use the same we are using in integrated providers?

> kind: Deployment

Reviewer: > My big question is: should we invest to refine those rules, or use the same we are using in integrated providers?

i think we should start with what we already use for the integrated providers, and then refine them over time. unless you have some ideas about how we should restrict them now. my concern here is that we will spend a lot of time understanding the refinements when there might be other areas that need attention.

apiVersion: apps/v1
metadata:
  name: {{ cloud provider name }}-cloud-controller-manager # replace me

>   namespace: provider-cloud-controller-manager # replace me

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  namespace: {{ cloud provider name }}-cloud-controller-manager # replace me
```

When I build this template, I took the assumption we will re-use the operator's namespace. But if our recommendation is to create a new namespace, I think we should provide a template for it, for the service account, and the RBAC (I will make a suggestion)

              name: host-etc-kube
              readOnly: true
            - name: trusted-ca
              mountPath: /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem
              readOnly: true
            # mount extra volumes if needed
      volumes:
        - name: host-etc-kube
          hostPath:
            path: /etc/kubernetes
            type: Directory
        - name: trusted-ca
          configMap:
            name: ccm-trusted-ca
            items:
              - key: ca-bundle.crt
                path: tls-ca-bundle.pem
        # add extra volumes if needed
---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: system:cloud-controller-manager
  labels:
    kubernetes.io/cluster-service: "true"
rules:
  {{ define here the authorization rules required by your CCM }}
---
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: oci-cloud-controller-manager
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: system:cloud-controller-manager
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: cloud-controller-manager
  namespace: {{ cloud provider name }}-cloud-controller-manager
```

> #### Create custom manifests for Kubelet

Reviewer: will we need these instructions with the external changes we are landing in 4.14?

Author: Yes, these are instructions to provide the ProviderID through MachineConfig, I think it is not part of the code changes but for the installation setup. Am I correct?

### DNS

There is no specific configuration for the "External" platform type when in the DNS setup.

Please take a look at the following guides for setup DNS:

- [User-provisioned DNS requirements](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-dns-user-infra_installing-platform-agnostic)
- [Validating DNS resolution for user-provisioned infrastructure](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-user-provisioned-validating-dns_installing-platform-agnostic)

### Load Balancers

The ["Load balancing requirements for user-provisioned infrastructure"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-load-balancing-user-infra_installing-platform-agnostic).

You can use the cloud provider's Load Balancer when it meets the requirements.

> Important nodes:

Author: ```suggestion
Important notes:
```

sshKey: |
    ssh-rsa AAAAB[...]
```
-->

### Create manifests

Once the `install-config.yaml` was created, you can generate the manifests for the deployment by running the command:

```bash
./openshift-install create manifests
```

The `openshift/` and `manifests/` directory will be created.

The steps below describe how to customize the OpenShift installation.

The manifests directory will be copied to the bootstrap and applied when the core components are initialing the Control Plane.

#### Create custom manifests for CCM

In that stage, the Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) manifests must be created, as it is responsible to initialize the nodes. A set of tolerations must be set to the pod spec to ensure the controllers are initialized even if the node is not yet ready.

```yaml
      tolerations:
        - key: CriticalAddonsOnly
          operator: Exists
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
          operator: Exists
          effect: "NoSchedule"
        - key: node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/uninitialized
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
        - key: node.kubernetes.io/not-ready
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
```

> The manifest below can be used as a Deployment configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The manifest below is an example of how Openshift expects the Cloud Controller Manager to be deployed:
```

Maybe something like that?

Author: Thanks!

> > Q: @Adrien: can we use this deployment here? https://github.com/adriengentil/ccm-openshift-template/blob/main/template.yaml

Reviewer 2: yes, looks like the right place to put it :+1:

$ butane config-worker.bu \
  -o openshift/99_openshift-machineconfig_00-worker-kubelet-providerid.yaml
```

#### Create additional manifests

If the CCM or any other component you want to add in install time requires dependencies, you can also add it to the respective directories.

For example, if the CCM requires secrets or custom configuration, you can create it:

> replace the `{{ secret_value | b64encode }}` to a valid base64 string

```bash
cat <<EOF > manifests/cloud-controller-manager-01-secret.yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: cloud-controller-manager-config
data:
  cloud-provider.yaml: {{ secret_value | b64encode }}
EOF
```

### Create ignition files

Once the manifests are placed, you can create the cluster ignition configurations:

~~~bash
./openshift-install create ignition-configs
~~~

The files with the extension `.ign` must be generated.

```text
.
├── auth
│   ├── kubeadmin-password
│   └── kubeconfig
├── bootstrap.ign
├── master.ign
├── metadata.json
└── worker.ign
```

## Create compute nodes

The step to provision compute nodes must be cloud-specific. The required steps to boot RHCOS is different for each compute role:

> - bootstrap node: must use the ignition file `bootstrap.ign` to initialize

Author: ```suggestion
- bootstrap node: must use the ignition file `bootstrap.ign`
```

- control-plane nodes: must use the ignition file `master.ign`
- compute nodes: must use the ignition file `worker.ign`

The steps below describe each one.

Requirements:

- You created the ignition configs
- You uploaded the RHCOS image to the cloud image service
- You reviewed the ["Minimum resource requirements for cluster installation"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-minimum-resource-requirements_installing-platform-agnostic)

### Bootstrap

> The `bootstrap.ign` must be used to create the bootstrap node. Most of the cloud providers have limitations on the user-data size, so you must store the `bootstrap.ign` externally, and retrieve it in the boot process. If the cloud provides the blob service allowing to create of a signed HTTPS URL, it can be used in the ignition file as follow:

Author: Maybe?:
```suggestion
The `bootstrap.ign` must be used to create the bootstrap node. Most of the cloud providers have size limits in the user data, so you must store the `bootstrap.ign` externally, then retrieve it in the cloud-init process. If the cloud provider has blob service allowing to create of a signed HTTPS URL, it can be used to store and serve the ignition file. The cloud-init could be used as a as follow:
```

Reviewer: the rewrite looks nice, but the last line needs adjustment: `The cloud-init could be used as follows:"

# Installing a cluster with Platform External

> The steps to install an OpenShift cluster with platform external must follow

Author: I completely reviewed that paragraph/introduction. ptal in the next review round! Thanks!

The Red Hat Core OS image is based on different types. You must choose the
supported into your cloud provider. You can obtain the URL for each platform,
architecture, and type using the following command:

~~~bash
./openshift-install coreos print-stream-json
~~~

For example, to download an image format `QCOW2` built for `x86_64` architecture
to the `OpenStack` platform, you can use the following command:

~~~bash
wget $(./openshift-install coreos print-stream-json | jq -r '.architectures["x86_64"].artifacts["openstack"].formats["qcow2.gz"].disk.location')
~~~

You must upload the downloaded image to your cloud provider image service and
use it when creating virtual machines.

### Setup the Provider Account

<!-- > ToDo: Provide general instructions and best practices when preparing the account to install OCP

- Use the least privileges
- Segregate by containers (Resource Group, Compartments, or similar for cloud-specific) -->

The account setup may vary from the cloud provider and the architecture you are
deploying OpenShift. Some providers segregate the resources by containers,
resource groups, compartments, and accounts.

> The agnostic installations do not require OpenShift integration with the cloud provider,

Reviewer: i like what @mhrivnak is saying, also i think if we are going to talk about "openshift integration with the cloud provider" that we should juxtapose that with the notion of "platform external". ideally, what we want to get at is that platform external gives partners the opportunity to customize the infrastructure layer of their openshift installations without needing to merge their code into openshift.

> The agnostic installations do not require OpenShift integration with the cloud provider,

Reviewer 3: It's tempting to remove this whole section. There are many things the component might require, including credentials, but I don't think it adds much value to try and anticipate any of that here.

> The agnostic installations do not require OpenShift integration with the cloud provider,

Author: Perfect, for a generic installation guide it makes sense to remove this. I can keep this section only in the OCI use case guide.
Removed! Thanks

it will not require any additional cloud provider account. You must check the documentation
for the components you are extending in OpenShift, for example, Cloud Controller Manager,
CSI Driver, etc.

## Create Infrastructure resources

As mentioned earlier, the platform external uses the Provider-Provisioned Infrastructure,
which means there is no platform-specific automation on the installer to create infrastructure
resources. Although, we strongly recommend providing documentation with a programmatic method
to provision the infrastructure resources using official CLI or any Infrastructure as a Code
tool, like Ansible or Terraform.

> The installer provides its implementation for each provider, using Terraform as a backend

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `openshift-install` binary uses Terraform as a backend
```

> in the Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) method. You can also check many UPI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
on supported platforms to automatically create cloud resources and form them into a new cluster. But sometimes resource creation needs to be customized, and you can see
```

examples for integrated infrastructure provided in the installer repository:

- [AWS CloudFormation Templates](https://github.com/openshift/installer/tree/master/upi/aws/cloudformation) for [AWS UPI](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-user-infra.html)
- [ARM Templates](https://github.com/openshift/installer/tree/master/upi/azure) for [Azure UPI](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_azure/installing-azure-user-infra.html)
- [Ansible Playbooks](https://github.com/openshift/installer/tree/master/upi/openstack) for [OpenStack UPI](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user-kuryr.html)

The steps below will point to the OpenShift documentation for each infrastructure component section.

### Identity

The agnostic installation used by platform external does not require any identity,
although the provider's components may require identity to communicate with the cloud APIs.

> The OpenShift prioritizes, and recommends, the least privileges and password-less authentication

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenShift prioritizes, and recommends, the least privileges and password-less authentication
```

the steps used to customize the providers' manifests before generating the deployment/ignition
configuration/ignition.

### Create the install-config.yaml

Follow the steps to [Manually create the installation configuration file](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-initializing-manual_installing-platform-agnostic),
customizing the `platform` object, setting the type to `external`, and the
`platformName` to the cloud provider's name:

> TODO/check: is the installer's survey set correctly the platform external type in config? How the ProviderName is capture in the suvery stage?
> Q: Do we need to add ./openshift-install create install-config? Or just provide a
> full install-config.yaml example

```yaml
platform:
  external:
    platformName: "providerName"
```

### Create manifests

Once the `install-config.yaml` was created, you can generate the manifests for the
deployment by running the command:

```bash
./openshift-install create manifests
```

The `openshift/` and `manifests/` directory will be created.

The steps below describe how to customize the OpenShift installation.

> The manifests directory will be copied to the bootstrap and applied when the core

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The manifests directory will be copied to the bootstrap host and applied when the core
```

components are initialing the Control Plane.

#### Create custom manifests for CCM

> In that stage, the Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) manifests must be created, as it is

Reviewer 3: This might give the impression that a CCM is required. I suggest starting with something like "If a Cloud Controller Manager is available for the platform, it can be incorporated by..."

Author: thanks! Section revisited

> responsible to initialize the nodes. A set of tolerations must be set to the pod spec

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
responsible to initialize the nodes. A set of tolerations must be set to the CCM's pod spec
```

              - key: ca-bundle.crt
                path: tls-ca-bundle.pem
        # add extra volumes if needed
---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: system:cloud-controller-manager
  labels:
    kubernetes.io/cluster-service: "true"
rules:
  {{ define here the authorization rules required by your CCM }}
---
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: oci-cloud-controller-manager
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: system:cloud-controller-manager
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: cloud-controller-manager
  namespace: {{ cloud provider name }}-cloud-controller-manager
```

#### Create custom manifests for Kubelet

The [kubelet service](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/master/templates/worker/01-worker-kubelet/_base/units/kubelet.service.yaml)
is also started with the flags `--cloud-provider=external` and `--provider-id=${KUBELET_PROVIDERID}`,
requiring a valid `${KUBELET_PROVIDERID}`

The value of `${KUBELET_PROVIDERID}` depends on CCM, we recommend reading the cloud
provider's CCM to check the appropriate value.

> In OpenShift you can set the `${KUBELET_PROVIDERID}` for each node using the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In OpenShift you can set the `${KUBELET_PROVIDERID}` on each node using the
```

[MachineConfiguration](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/rest_api/machine_apis/machineconfig-machineconfiguration-openshift-io-v1.html).

The example below shows how to create a `MachineConfig` to retrieve the provider's
ID from the Instance/VM Metadata service, setting it to the syntax `providerName://ID`:

```yaml
# https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/master/templates/common/aws/files/usr-local-bin-aws-kubelet-providerid.yaml
variant: openshift

> version: 4.12.0

Reviewer 3: update to 4.13?

      Type=oneshot
      [Install]
      WantedBy=network-online.target
```

The `{{ machine_role }}` must be `master` and `worker`. Both manifests must be
saved to `config-master.bu` and `config-worker.bu`, then run the following commands:

```bash
$ butane config-master.bu \
  -o openshift/99_openshift-machineconfig_00-master-kubelet-providerid.yaml

$ butane config-worker.bu \
  -o openshift/99_openshift-machineconfig_00-worker-kubelet-providerid.yaml
```

#### Create additional manifests

If the CCM or any other component you want to add in install time requires
dependencies, you can also add it to the respective directories.

For example, if the CCM requires secrets or custom configuration, you can create it:

> replace the `{{ secret_value | b64encode }}` to a valid base64 string

```bash
cat <<EOF > manifests/cloud-controller-manager-01-secret.yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: cloud-controller-manager-config
data:
  cloud-provider.yaml: {{ secret_value | b64encode }}
EOF
```

### Create ignition files

Once the manifests are placed, you can create the cluster ignition configurations:

~~~bash
./openshift-install create ignition-configs
~~~

> The files with the extension `.ign` must be generated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The files with the extension `.ign` will be generated by the above command.
```

```text
.
├── auth
│   ├── kubeadmin-password
│   └── kubeconfig
├── bootstrap.ign
├── master.ign
├── metadata.json
└── worker.ign
```

## Create compute nodes

The step to provision compute nodes must be cloud-specific. The required steps
to boot RHCOS is different for each compute role:

- bootstrap node: must use the ignition file `bootstrap.ign`
- control-plane nodes: must use the ignition file `master.ign`
- compute nodes: must use the ignition file `worker.ign`

Requirements:

- You created the ignition configs
- You uploaded the RHCOS image to the cloud image service
- You reviewed the ["Minimum resource requirements for cluster installation"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html#installation-minimum-resource-requirements_installing-platform-agnostic)

### Bootstrap

> 

Reviewer 3: I'd start with a quick summary of what it is, like: "The bootstrap node is a temporary machine used only during the installation process."

Reviewer 3: Agreed. The reader doesn't need to know implementation details, but it's helpful to have a little context for what its role is in the installation process.

Author: Thanks! I updated adding a quick intro.

The `bootstrap.ign` must be used to create the bootstrap node. Most of the cloud
providers have size limits in the user data, so you must store the `bootstrap.ign`
externally, then retrieve it in the cloud-init process. If the cloud provider
has blob service allowing to create of a signed HTTPS URL, it can be used to store
and serve the ignition file. The cloud-init could be used as follows:

```json
{
  "ignition": {
    "config": {
      "replace": {
        "source": "https://blob.url/bootstrap.ign?signingKeys"
      }
    },
    "version": "3.1.0"
  }
}
```

Once the node is created, you can attach the bootstrap node to the public and
private API Load Balancer.

### Control Plane

Three control plane nodes must be created using the ignition file `master.ign`
when setting the cloud init/user-data configuration.

### Compute/workers

> Three compute nodes must be created using the ignition file `master.ign` when

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Compute nodes (two or more are recommended) must be created using the ignition file `master.ign` when
```

setting the cloud init/user-data configuration.

#### Approve certificates

> The Certificate Signing Requests (CSR) must be approved by the operator in the

Reviewer 3: "operator" is an overloaded term. Do we need to even specify here who or what should do the approval? Like everything else in this document, it just needs to be done, and we assume it'll be automated.

> UPI deployments.

Reviewer 3: No need to refer to UPI here. This is just a task that needs to be accomplished.

deployment by running the command:

```bash
./openshift-install create manifests
```

The `openshift/` and `manifests/` directory will be created.

The steps below describe how to customize the OpenShift installation.

The manifests directory will be copied to the bootstrap host and applied when the core
components are initialing the Control Plane.

#### Create custom manifests for CCM

If a Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) is available for the platform, it can be incorporated by
custom manifests added in the install directory.

This section describes the minimal requirements to be defined in those custom manifests.

1) A set of tolerations must be set to the CCM's pod spec
to ensure the controllers are initialized even if the node is not yet ready.

```yaml
      tolerations:
        - key: CriticalAddonsOnly
          operator: Exists
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
          operator: Exists
          effect: "NoSchedule"
        - key: node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/uninitialized
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
        - key: node.kubernetes.io/not-ready
          operator: Exists
          effect: NoSchedule
```

> 2) OpenShift strongly recommends deploying the CCM's resources in a custom namespace, setting
> properly the security constraints to it. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
2) Red Hat strongly recommends deploying the CCM's resources in a custom namespace, and properly setting the security constraints on that namespace. For example:
```

# Installing a cluster with Platform External

The steps to install an OpenShift cluster with platform external derives
the guidance and infrastructure requirements of the "agnostic installation"
method from the official documentation ["Installing a cluster on any platform"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html).

This method is a fully customized automation, allowing the user to deploy
a cluster to use any automation they want, including provider's specific,
to deploy an OpenShift cluster.

There are other methods and tools than using `openshift-installer` to deploy
provider-agnostic cluster, like Assisted Installer, which is not covered by this guide.

> To begging with agnostic installation for the platform external, the `install-config.yaml`

Reviewer 4: ?

```suggestion
To begin with agnostic installation for the platform external, the `install-config.yaml`
```

Author: ACK. Thanks!

# Installing a cluster with Platform External

The steps to install an OpenShift cluster with a platform type external inherits from
the guidance and infrastructure requirements of the "agnostic installation"
method from the official documentation ["Installing a cluster on any platform"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html).

This method is a fully customized path, allowing the user to deploy

> a cluster to use any automation they want, including the provider's specific, such as network components,

Author: changed the phrase to:
```
This method is a fully customized path, allowing the user, or partners, to setup
a cluster using `openshift-installer`, creating the infrastructure using
any automation they wanted to provision resources required to install an OpenShift cluster.
```

- [Next](#next-steps)

The following sections describe the steps to install an OpenShift cluster using
platform external type using fully customized automation.

## Prerequisites

### Clients

The OpenShift client (`oc`) and Installer (`openshift-install`) must be
downloaded, read the steps described in
["Obtaining the installation program"](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html).

The credentials to pull OpenShift images, also known as "Pull Secret", needs
to be obtained from the [Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console](https://console.redhat.com/openshift).

## Section 1. Setup OpenShift configuration

The OpenShift cluster configuration to set up the platform external is created in this section.

The steps below describe how to create the `install-config.yaml` with the required fields, and
the steps used to customize the providers' manifests before generating the ignition
configuration files.

### Create the install-config.yaml

Follow the steps to [Manually create the installation configuration file](install-config),
customizing the `platform` object, setting the type to `external`, and the

> `platformName` to the cloud provider's name:

Author: it would be nice to have. I added the following paragraph based in the API definition:
> The value of `platformName` holds the arbitrary string representing the infrastructure
provider name, expected to be set at the installation time. This field is solely for
informational and reporting purposes and is not expected to be used for decision-making.

Let me know if would be modified.

```

The files with the extension `.ign` will be generated as the example below:

```text
.
├── auth
│   ├── kubeadmin-password
│   └── kubeconfig
├── bootstrap.ign
├── master.ign
├── metadata.json
└── worker.ign
```

## Section 2. Create Infrastructure resources

Several types of infrastructure need to be created including compute nodes, storage, and networks.

This section describes how to integrate those resources into the OpenShift
installation process, and assumes that the entire process of creating the
infrastructure will be automated by the partner to be consumed by the end-users.

In OpenShift, the `openshift-install` binary is responsible for provisioning the
infrastructure in integrated providers using the IPI (Installer-Provisioned
Infrastructure) method, the external platform does not provide any automation
developed to create the infrastructure.

The `openshift-install` uses Terraform or cloud provider Go SDK as a backend on
supported platforms to automatically create cloud resources and form them
into a new cluster. In certain situations, such as when preparing an external platform
cluster, the resource creation needs to be customized and provided by the end-user,

> the OpenShift installer named this method as UPI (User-Provided Infrastructure).

Author: You are correct, I should be fixed that in the other revisions. Term removed.
